<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:xt="http://ns.inria.org/xtiger" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge,chrome=1" />


    <title>The "rich content" plugin</title>

    <xt:head version="1.1" templateVersion="1.0" label="Demo">
    </xt:head>

    <style type="text/css">
      .axel-core-editable[contenteditable] {
        aboutline: thin dashed #bbffdd;
      }
      .multi {
        -moz-column-count: 2;
        -moz-column-gap: 25px;
        -webkit-column-count: 2;
        -webkit-column-gap: 25px;
      }
      span.styled {
        font-size: 120%;
        font-family: Garamond, Arial;
        color: brown;
      }
	  

    </style>

    <!-- template enrichment : extracts and generates xt:attribute and xt:use sample code -->
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../shared/demo.css" />
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../3rd-part/jquery/js/jquery-1.7.1.min.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../shared/demo.js"></script>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../axel/bundles/richcontent/richcontent.css" type="text/css"></link>
     <script src="../../axel/bundles/richcontent/richcontentparams.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
	
  </head>
  <body>


    <h1>The <code>"rich content"</code> plugin</h1>

    <p>The <code>"rich content"</code> plugin is a text editing field with stylable content. As it makes its handle <code>contentEditable</code>, it offers a perfect integration with the page to create a WYSIWYG experience. You can use it to edit text that flows around floating elements.</p>

    <h2>Parameters</h2>

    <ul class="parameters">
      <li><var>noedit</var> (<code><b>true</b>|<b>false</b></code>) : set it  to <code><b>true</b></code> to make the field read only (constant).</li>
      <li><var>class</var> (<code><i>name</i></code>) : set a class name on the handle.</li>
	  <li><var>lang</var> (<code><i>fragments</i>|<i>html</i></code>|<i>semantic</i>) : set the input/output format (default is <code><i>fragments</i></code>).</li>
	  <li><var>multilines</var> (<code><i>normal|none</i></code>) : allows for line breaks in the editable content.</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>Default configuration</h2>
	
	
	<p>The default configuration accepts an input composed of a list of <code>Fragments</code> and <code>Links</code>. <code>Fragments</code> contain a single text node, <code>Links</code> are parents to a <code>LinkRef</code> and a <code>LinkText</code>. The <code>Fragments</code> and <code>LinkTexts</code> can optionally bear a <code>RichStyle</code> attribute.</p>

    <div class="demo extract">
        <p contenteditable="true"><xt:use types="richContent" label="parag" ><Fragment>The Gallic Empire (Latin: </Fragment><Fragment RichStyle="bold">Imperium Galliarum</Fragment><Fragment>) is the modern name for a breakaway part of the Roman Empire that functioned </Fragment><Fragment RichStyle="italics">de facto</Fragment><Fragment> as a separate state from 260 to 274. It originated during the Crisis of the Third Century. It was </Fragment><Link><LinkRef> http://www.libe.fr</LinkRef><LinkText>established</LinkText></Link><Fragment> by Postumus in 260  </Fragment><Fragment RichStyle="italics underline">in the wake of barbarian</Fragment><Fragment> invasions and instability in Rome, and at its height included the territories of Germania, Gaul, Britannia, and (for a time) Hispania. After Postumus' assassination in 268 it lost much of its territory, but continued under a number of emperors and usurpers. It was retaken by Roman emperor Aurelian after the Battle of Châlons in 274.</Fragment></xt:use><xt:menu-marker/></p>
    </div>
	
    <h2>With spans</h2>

	<p>The `html' configuration accepts an input composed of a list of HTML <code>spans</code> and <code>a</code> nodes. <code>spans</code> and <code>as</code> contain a single text node. Their style is determined by a CSS <code>class</code> attribute</p>

    <div class="demo extract">
        <p><xt:use types="richContent" label="parag" param="lang=html"><span>The Gallic Empire (Latin: </span><span class="bold">Imperium Galliarum</span><span>) is the modern name for a breakaway part of the Roman Empire that functioned </span><span class="italics">de facto</span><span> as a separate state from 260 to 274. It originated during the Crisis of the Third Century. It was </span><a href="http://www.libe.fr">established</a><span> by Postumus in 260  </span><span class="italics underline">in the wake of barbarian</span><span> invasions and instability in Rome, and at its height included the territories of Germania, Gaul, Britannia, and (for a time) Hispania. After Postumus' </span><a href="http://www.lemonde.fr">assassination</a><span> in 268 it lost much of its territory, but continued under a number of emperors and usurpers. It was retaken by Roman emperor Aurelian after the Battle of Châlons in 274.</span></xt:use><xt:menu-marker/></p>
    </div>
	
    <h2>With semantic tags</h2>

	<p>The `semantic' configuration accepts an input composed of a list of custom, user-chosen tags, supposedly representing some categories of meaning. The semantic tags can match CSS classes with the same names, and will be displayed in accordance with the definition of the classes. Non meaningful nodes can be created with the <code>Text</code>, and <code>Link</code> tags. The latter should assume the same structure as the links of the `fragments' configuration, with a `LinkRef' subnode containing the target, and a subnode containing some semantic tag for the texte (or the non-meaningful <code>Text</code> tag).</p>

    <div class="demo extract">
        <p><xt:use types="richContent" label="parag" param="lang=semantic"><Text>The Gallic Empire (Latin: </Text><bold>Imperium Galliarum</bold><Text>) is the modern name for a breakaway part of the Roman Empire that functioned </Text><italics>de facto</italics><Text> as a separate state from 260 to 274. It originated during the Crisis of the Third Century. It was </Text><Link><LinkRef>http://www.libe.fr</LinkRef><LinkText>established</LinkText></Link><Text> by Postumus in 260  </Text><italics_underline>in the wake of barbarian</italics_underline><Text> invasions and instability in Rome, and at its height included the territories of Germania, Gaul, Britannia, and (for a time) Hispania. After Postumus' </Text><Link><LinkRef>http://www.lemonde.fr</LinkRef><bold>assassination</bold></Link><Text> in 268 it lost much of its territory, but continued under a number of emperors and usurpers. It was retaken by Roman emperor Aurelian after the Battle of Châlons in 274.</Text></xt:use><xt:menu-marker/></p>
    </div>
	

    <h2>With multilines</h2>
	
	<p>The `multilines' configuration will display the line breaks appearing in the content.</p>

    <div class="demo extract">
        <p><xt:use types="richContent" label="parag" param="multilines=normal">
<Fragment RichStyle="bold">JABBERWOCKY
</Fragment>
<Fragment>
by: </Fragment><Fragment RichStyle="italics">Lewis Carroll (1832-1898)
</Fragment>
<Fragment>
'TWAS brillig, and the slithy toves
Did gyre and gimble in the wabe:
All mimsy were the borogoves,
And the mome raths outgrabe.
 
"Beware the Jabberwock, my son!
The jaws that bite, the claws that catch!
Beware the jubjub bird, and shun
The frumious Bandersnatch!"
 
He took his vorpal sword in hand:
Long time the manxome foe he sought--
So rested he by the Tumtum tree,
And stood awhile in thought.
 
And, as in uffish thought he stood,
The Jabberwock, with eyes of flame,
Came whiffling through the tulgey wood,
And burbled as it came!
 
One, two! One, two! And through and through
The vorpal blade went snicker-snack!
He left it dead, and with its head
He went galumphing back.
 
"And hast thou slain the Jabberwock?
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
O frabjous day! Calloh! Callay!"
He chortled in his joy.
 
'Twas brillig, and the slithy toves
Did gyre and gimble in the wabe:
All mimsy were the borogoves,
And the mome raths outgrabe.</Fragment>

</xt:use><xt:menu-marker/></p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
